Add wallet implementer considerations (#214)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-122.md

Not applicable.

## Wallet Implementer Steps

### Verifying `domain` binding
- Wallet implementers MUST prevent phishing attacks by matching on the `domain` term when processing a signing request. For example, when processing the message beginning with `"service.invalid wants you to sign in..."`, the wallet checks that the request actually originated from `service.invalid`.

> - The domain SHOULD be read from a trusted data source such as the browser window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The domain is expected to be read from a trusted data source such as the browser window.
```

I don't believe this is a testable statement so removing the normative statement here, but I generally think it's a good idea to state this. I've found that reserving normative statements for things that can be tested (e.g. put in a test suite) makes for a better way to be able to quickly assess whether an implementation is conformant with the spec via a test suite. So since this doesn't appear to be testable, I don't think a normative statement here is good.
